So we have to catch whether people go to certain websites, which is basically the actual functionality
of this extension.
So that's the main functionality of our extension, which we will look upon right now.
So we're going to put a couple of things in it.
So I'll put some space at the top because we will put some in there shortly.
So the first thing that we need to do is we need to catch when the user goes to a certain web page.
So let's say chrome dot navigation.
We want to catch it before they navigate.
Right?
Or when they're about to go somewhere that's going to catch them.
So we are listed.
So it will get triggered whenever we navigate.
We are about to navigate to a specific web page.
So.
They're going to greater function in here, which is the callback function.
So we'll put one parameter in here with the details.
So we're going to put all the things that we do in our function.
So we're going to call the Chrome dot tabs dot update.
Which will.
Change something little to the tabs that you want to change.
So we'll get the tab that we're currently in by getting details.
Dot tab ID.
And then we need to specify where we want to update the tabs to.
So the flower needs to be an object.
So we want to update the URL of the tab.
And we want to send it to Chrome.
Dot time, dot.
So we want to send them to any web page that we want instead of the Web page that they want to go to.
So I've added an alternate page to send them to.
So where this page is located, it will be different on everybody's chrome.
So we'll go on the registry with the folder and create all page start.